---
layout: post
status: draft
title: Email un-support
author:
  display_name: sidney
  login: sidney
  email: sidney@s4y.us
  url: ''
author_login: sidney
author_email: sidney@s4y.us
wordpress_id: 109
wordpress_url: http://sidnicious.com/blarg/?p=109
date: '2011-07-19 10:33:45 -0400'
categories:
- Uncategorized
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p>Doop doop doop doop:</p>
<blockquote style="white-space: pre-wrap"><p>When I visit the "Hardware and Software Security" page at <https:&#47;&#47;cms.paypal.com&#47;us&#47;cgi-bin&#47;?cmd=_render-content&amp;content_ID=security&#47;hardware_software_protection>, I see the message, "It looks like you may be using an outdated browser with known security issues.".</p>
<p>This happens to me in current versions of Chrome (12.0.742.122), Firefox (5.01) and Safari (5.0.5).<&#47;blockquote></p>
<p>doop doop? Doop doop doop!</p>
<blockquote style="white-space: pre-wrap"><p>Hello Sidney San Martin,</p>
<p>You can contact PayPal phone.</p>
<p>To contact us by phone:</p>
<p>  1. Log in to your PayPal account.<br />
  2. Click "Contact Us" at the bottom of any PayPal page.<br />
  3. Click "Call us" to see the Web PIN (6 digits).</p>
<p>The Web PIN is a random number generated by our system that helps verify<br />
your identity and get faster support. The Web PIN is valid for one hour.<br />
If it expires, you will need to go to the &#x27;Call us&#x27; page again to find a<br />
new Web PIN.</p>
<p>To contact us by phone, call 402-935-2050 or 888-221-1161 during these<br />
hours:</p>
<p>   * 4:00 AM PT to 10:00 PM PT, Monday&ndash;Friday<br />
   * 6:00 AM PT to 8:00 PM PT, Saturday and Sunday</p>
<p>If you have an eBay account question, please go to www.ebay.com, sign in<br />
to your account and click Contact Us, near the top of the page.</p>
<p>We know situations like this can be difficult, so thanks for working<br />
with us. If you have more questions, visit our Help Center by clicking<br />
"Help" in the top right corner of any PayPal page.</p>
<p>Sincerely,<br />
Colleen<br />
PayPal Customer Solutions<br />
PayPal, an eBay Company</p>
<p>Original Message Follows:<br />
------------------------<br />
Form Message<br />
customer subject:<br />
legacy<br />
customer message:<br />
Topic: &#x27;Product and Features&#x27;<br />
Sub Topic: &#x27;Technical - Logos Links&#47;Web Development&#x27;<br />
info_pctype: &#x27;Mac&#x27;<br />
info_pctype_other: &#x27;&#x27;<br />
info_browser: &#x27;Google Chrome&#x27;<br />
info_browser_other: &#x27;&#x27;<br />
info_browser_version: &#x27;12.0.742.122&#x27;<br />
info_isp: &#x27;&#x27;<br />
message: &#x27;Hello,<br />
When I visit the "Hardware and Software Security" page at<br />
<https:&#47;&#47;cms.paypal.com&#47;us&#47;cgi-bin&#47;?cmd=_render-content&amp;content_ID=secur<br />
ity&#47;hardware_software_protection>,<br />
I see the message, "It looks like you may be using an outdated browser<br />
with known security issues.".</p>
<p>This happens to me in current versions of Chrome (12.0.742.122),<br />
Firefox (5.01) and Safari (5.0.5).&#x27;<&#47;blockquote></p>
